22447 Add Cooling infrastructure modeling (#22517)
netbox-community/netbox: docs/models/dcim/coolingfeed.md

# Cooling Feed

> A cooling feed represents a coolant loop delivered from a [cooling source](./coolingsource.md) to a particular rack or coolant distribution unit (CDU). It is the cooling equivalent of a [power feed](./powerfeed.md). The [cooling intakes](./coolingintake.md) a feed supplies are derived from the devices installed in the rack it serves, rather than referenced explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A cooling feed represents a coolant loop delivered from a [cooling source](./coolingsource.md) to a particular rack or coolant distribution unit (CDU). The [cooling intakes](./coolingintake.md) a feed supplies are derived from the devices installed in the rack it serves, rather than referenced explicitly.
```

A single feed represents the entire loop, covering both the supply (cold) and return (warm) paths.

The rated flow rate recorded on a feed is a design specification (the intended operating envelope), not live telemetry; runtime readings belong in an external monitoring system.

> 

Reviewer: Redundant to the field description.
```suggestion
```

!!! tip
    In-rack cooling equipment — coolant distribution units (CDUs), manifolds, and rear-door heat exchangers (RDHx) — is modeled as an ordinary (typically zero-U) [device](./device.md) installed in the rack. The device's make and model come from its [device type](./devicetype.md), and a [cooling intake](./coolingintake.md) component connects it to cooling. The feed serving such a device is derived from its rack.

## Fields

### Cooling Source

The [cooling source](./coolingsource.md) which supplies this feed.

### Rack

The [rack](./rack.md) which this feed serves (optional).

### Name

The feed's name or identifier. Must be unique to the assigned cooling source.

### Status

The feed's operational status.

!!! tip
    Additional statuses may be defined by setting `CoolingFeed.status` under the [`FIELD_CHOICES`](../../configuration/data-validation.md#field_choices) configuration parameter.

### Cooling Capacity

The heat-removal capacity of the feed, in kilowatts (kW).

### Rated Flow Rate

> The rated (design) coolant flow rate, expressed as a numeric value with a selectable unit (L/min, m³/h, or GPM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rate of coolant flow supported by the feed, expressed as a numeric value with a selectable unit (L/min, m³/h, or GPM).
```
